he has gone just doing a follow up video
to the video that made saturday morning
about the matches the Euro 2008 we saw
Italy defeat Scotland that's the end of
first columns run in year old 2008 and
saw Israel be Russia it's very end of
that match which means that England's
hopes are still alive first of all I
just want to say thank you for all the
positive comments on that video it's
really difficult to stay in touch or in
tune with what's going on in English
football and European football very
difficult also thanks for the comment
about that I call it football not soccer
I will say that I wake reference to
soccer in regards to our channel over
here fox soccer channel and that's what
they call it so I'll be consistent and
caught that and there was one negative
comment in regards to that you know no
they blank and blank made a video
well you know I'm sure I did it's you
know I'm not here that you know do a
three ring circus and entertain yeah i'm
just going to give you my viewpoints if
you don't like i'm great you know go
somewhere else i don't care um but you
know you're entitled to your opinion so
go ahead express yourself in regards to
and i will say the one criticism that is
valid for me is because I'm an American
um following English football I don't
have a set loyalty to a particular Club
you know and I don't want to offend
anyone but I like the underdogs I I like
the Redding's and the Sheffield United's
and the Wiggins of the world I don't you
know I know I don't mind manchester
united and arsenal and chelsea but you
know i'm tired of them always meet at
the top I want to see Everton I want to
see Manchester City I want to see
I'll team teams like that you know you
can Tottenham or Liverpool to be up at
the top I'd love to see that I'm tired
of seeing my gosh ours Arsenal this week
and that was Manchester United that week
or Chelsea so following week you know it
gets all a little dull and boring don't
shake it up now let's get asked and
fellow up there let's get full on let's
follow by the way really in trouble as
our Darby and Bolton what's going to
have all tomato onion sidetracked here
anyways um previewing the match coming
up on Wednesday and it's England and
Croatia at wembley stadium in london and
really my two cents worth my preview if
you will about it is that England even
though they can qualify by getting a
draw I don't think they can have that
mentality because that is the wrong
mentality to go through and we suck
again referencing back to the world cup
in 2006 you can't back in you know past
the group stages you've got to gotta win
you gotta win with goals and you gotta
be aggressive and being assertive and
I'm just fearful that they're just going
to wear really know it's you know if
Croatia scores ago then will you know
touch it up in a notch and go up to get
a goal and no you can't do that you
gotta go from the wind go for the
jugular get rid of Croatia even though
they're going through you got to have
that killer mentality if you don't you
have a repeat of 2006 world cup in
regards to the striker issue I see my
latest report I saw was that Darren Bent
was now with the club or the national
team you know I don't know why I and
that I heard before then it was a peter
crouch and jermain defoe well height
differential between those two um but
you know I don't know what what the deal
is you know how nigga know how McLaren
is going to do the configuration but
you know put your midfielders and you
know get you know girardin and you know
where else is there i can't sorry it's
late i can't think of that is in the
midfield right now um but you know you
know do something you know do something
positive don't back in don't give the
reason for these newspapers especially
ones like the Telegraph who always seem
to and I only say this from the online
versions i don't actually get a
subscription to Telegraph but they
always seem to criticize the team and
you know some of its you know rightly so
I mean sometimes they are very dull team
to watch and it's very frustrating it's
like come on guys you know you know look
at the French look at the Germans and
look how they play it's smooth it's it's
chemistry its bonding it it's there's a
common purpose when they're out on the
field or pitch we're gonna call it
there's a common purpose and it just
seems like England is well I will pass
the ball and we'll do this and we'll do
that and it's like no you know you have
a game plan have have something set out
to say you know what we're gonna we're
going to pass all but as we're passing
the ball we're moving up and we're going
to really stick it to all I'll stick it
to Croatia why don't I have it you know
have that killer mentality so this is my
preview I can't settle for a draw even
though they'll go through if they get it
rather just fearful that they're just
gonna they're going to lose in the next
round and they're just gonna get
embarrassed and everybody say oh you
know McLaren's not the answer let's get
somebody else and you go through the
cycle of managers and just you know we
can't get the job done because the
players don't want to get the job done
so I'm putting this on the players I'm
not going to put this on McLaren easy
you put the wheels in motion and now if
they can only get to the get to the
destination it's up to them so it's up
to me it's on the players and the
players alone you know
the defense has been sound I guess um
you know Paul Robinson and gold that's
great he's been knowing fine as long as
he doesn't get any divots ball pits need
divots when it's coming back to them
that should be fine um that's about it